Subject: project " q "
fyi . . .
ted ,
as discussed , please see below an outline of the changes that we are making
to the logistics set - up in london . i also attach the roles & responsibilities
document we discussed - i highlight in red the sections that have been agreed
with the functional groups . . .
sally ,
sorry to have missed you this week . i hope to have the opportunity to explain
to you in greater detail the changes we are making to the logistics function
in europe . we hope to replicate this model to singapore and possibly houston
once we have proven the model in london .
i will also forward you a plan that we have kicked off to migrate trading
support for the helsinki operation back to london . . .
regards ,
tim
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tim poullain - patterson / lon / ect on
03 / 21 / 2000 11 : 13 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
tim poullain - patterson
03 / 10 / 2000 05 : 57 pm
to : graham cane / lon / ect @ ect , rebecca millerchip / lon / ect @ ect , iain
greig / lon / ect @ ect , david rae / lon / ect @ ect , paul wallace / hel / ect @ ect , cindy
horn / hou / ect @ ect , sylvie mostura / lon / ect @ ect , andre nicholson / lon / ect @ ect
cc : fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect , kevin sweeney / hou / ect @ ect , tani
nath / lon / ect @ ect , richard sage / lon / ect @ ect , john l nowlan / hou / ect @ ect ,
richard burchfield / hou / ect @ ect
subject : project " q "
hi ,
i ' d like to summarise the various discussions that have taken place over the
last few days in relation to our forthcoming logistics project , which i ' ve
tentatively named " project q " . at some point a prize will be awarded to
whoever can guess what the " q " stands for . . .
objective
project " q " has a twofold objective :
1 ) implement the co - ordination function for the london and helsinki global
trading support group - see attached for a definition of this function
2 ) roll out the products inventory management system ( " pims " ) for the london
and helsinki global trading support groups .
target timescale
completion of both objectives is currently planned for the end of may . david
and i have hastily put together a timeline which we will refine as a group at
a kick - off meeting scheduled for next friday , by which time the project team
will be assembled in london - see attached .
to meet this tight timeframe , the scope of the project needs to be clearly
understood especially in relation to rolling out pims . though over time 1 )
functionality may be added to pims , 2 ) there will ( hopefully ) be a further
deployment in houston and singapore , 3 ) an interface to rightangle may be
developed , 4 ) invoicing may be added etc . . . - for the purpose of this project
the scope of the pims application is limited to replacing manips for the
helsinki and london operators ( petchems may or may not be included in this
phase ) . the actual pims specification will be finalised next week by graham
and david ( it are currently mid - way through a full elaboration for the
system ) .
project team
steering group will comprise me ( also sponsor ) , graham and becky .
project manager is cindy ( arriving from houston on tuesday ) .
it lead for pims is david rae ( full time for duration of project ) , managed by
iain greig .
a task force comprising three contract accountants is being assembled and
will be in place by the middle of next week .
other stakeholders / key participants in this project are logistics in london
and helsinki . the result of this project should be to leverage our existing
operators and improve controls by introducing a second tier support around
the logistics function . however , for this to happen a significant
contribution will be required from all our operators to ensure a successful
implementation within our timeframe .
regards ,
tim